then I turned and raised
then I turned and raised and saw their flying scroll and he said
and saw their flying scroll and he said
and saw their flying scroll and he said to me
to me
to me what do you see I see a flying scroll
what do you see I see a flying scroll
what do you see I see a flying scroll it's length is 20 cubits and its width
it's length is 20 cubits and its width
it's length is 20 cubits and its width 10 cubits this is the curse that goes
10 cubits this is the curse that goes
10 cubits this is the curse that goes out over the face of the whole earth
out over the face of the whole earth
out over the face of the whole earth every thief shall be expelled according
every thief shall be expelled according
every thief shall be expelled according to this side of the scroll and every
to this side of the scroll and every
to this side of the scroll and every perjurer shall be expelled according to
perjurer shall be expelled according to
perjurer shall be expelled according to that side of it I will send out the
that side of it I will send out the
that side of it I will send out the curse says the Lord of Hosts it shall
curse says the Lord of Hosts it shall
curse says the Lord of Hosts it shall enter the house of the thief and the
enter the house of the thief and the
enter the house of the thief and the house of the one who swears falsely by
house of the one who swears falsely by
house of the one who swears falsely by my name it shall remain in the midst of
my name it shall remain in the midst of
my name it shall remain in the midst of his house and consume it with its timber
his house and consume it with its timber
his house and consume it with its timber and stones then the angel who talked
and stones then the angel who talked
and stones then the angel who talked with me came out and said to me lift
with me came out and said to me lift
with me came out and said to me lift your eyes now and see what this is that
your eyes now and see what this is that
your eyes now and see what this is that goes forth what is it it is a basket
goes forth what is it it is a basket
goes forth what is it it is a basket that is going forth this is their
that is going forth this is their
that is going forth this is their resemblance throughout the earth here is
resemblance throughout the earth here is
resemblance throughout the earth here is a lead disc lift it up and this is a
a lead disc lift it up and this is a
a lead disc lift it up and this is a woman sitting inside the basket
woman sitting inside the basket
woman sitting inside the basket this is wickedness and he thrust her
this is wickedness and he thrust her
this is wickedness and he thrust her down into the basket and threw the lead
down into the basket and threw the lead
down into the basket and threw the lead cover over its mouth then I raised my
cover over its mouth then I raised my
cover over its mouth then I raised my eyes and looked and there were two women
eyes and looked and there were two women
eyes and looked and there were two women coming with the wind in their wings for
coming with the wind in their wings for
coming with the wind in their wings for they had wings like the wings of a stork
they had wings like the wings of a stork
they had wings like the wings of a stork and they lifted up the basket between
and they lifted up the basket between
and they lifted up the basket between Earth and heaven where they carrying the
Earth and heaven where they carrying the
Earth and heaven where they carrying the basket to build a house for it in the
basket to build a house for it in the
basket to build a house for it in the land of Shinar when it is ready the
land of Shinar when it is ready the
land of Shinar when it is ready the basket will be set there on its base
basket will be set there on its base
basket will be set there on its base [Music]